Register hosts through a load balancer (#1941)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_setting-the-load-balancer-for-host-registration.adoc

[id="setting-the-load-balancer-for-host-registration_{context}"]
= Setting the Load Balancer for Host Registration

> You can configure your deployment to register clients through a load balancer when using the host registration feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure {Project} to register clients through a load balancer when using the host registration feature.
```

Is this any better? I feel like "your deployment" is ambivalent.

You will be able to register hosts to the load balancer instead of {SmartProxy}.
The load balancer will decide through which {SmartProxy} to register the host at the time of request.

> Upon registration, subscription manager on the host will be configured to manage content through the load balancer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upon registration, the subscription manager on the host will be configured to manage content through the load balancer.
```
